B Ergen, S Kanadlı (2017). The effect of self-regulated learning strategies on academic achievement: A meta-analysis study. Eurasian Journal of Educational Research, (), .
M Yusuf (2011). The impact of self-efficacy, achievement motivation, and self-regulated learning strategies on students' academic achievement. Procedia-Social and Behavioral Sciences, (), .
BJ Zimmerman (2013). Theories of self-regulated learning and academic achievement: An overview and analysis. Self-regulated learning and academic …, (), .
AM Kosnin (2007). Self-regulated learning and academic achievement in Malaysian undergraduates.. International Education Journal, (), .
BJ Zimmerman, DH Schunk (2001). Reflections on theories of self-regulated learning and academic achievement. … -regulated learning and academic …, (), .
M Theobald (2021). Self-regulated learning training programs enhance university students' academic performance, self-regulated learning strategies, and motivation: A meta-analysis. Contemporary Educational Psychology, (), .
BL McCombs (2013). Self-regulated learning and academic achievement: A phenomenological view. … regulated learning and academic achievement, (), .
TJ Cleary, P Platten (2013). Examining the correspondence between self‐regulated learning and academic achievement: A case study analysis. Education Research International, (), .
AL Dent, AC Koenka (2016). The relation between self-regulated learning and academic achievement across childhood and adolescence: A meta-analysis. Educational Psychology Review, (), .
Z Yan (2020). Self-assessment in the process of self-regulated learning and its relationship with academic achievement. Assessment & Evaluation in Higher Education, (), .
Z Sun, K Xie, LH Anderman (2018). The role of self-regulated learning in students' success in flipped undergraduate math courses. The internet and higher education, (), .
L Zheng (2016). The effectiveness of self-regulated learning scaffolds on academic performance in computer-based learning environments: A meta-analysis. Asia Pacific Education Review, (), .
FT Bail, S Zhang, GT Tachiyama (2008). Effects of a self-regulated learning course on the academic performance and graduation rate of college students in an academic support program. … of college reading and learning, (), .
S Kistner, K Rakoczy, B Otto (2010). Promotion of self-regulated learning in classrooms: Investigating frequency, quality, and consequences for student performance. … and learning, (), .
J Broadbent, WL Poon (2015). Self-regulated learning strategies & academic achievement in online higher education learning environments: A systematic review. The internet and higher education, (), .
J Broadbent (2017). Comparing online and blended learner's self-regulated learning strategies and academic performance. The Internet and Higher Education, (), .
K Alotaibi, R Tohmaz, O Jabak (2017). The relationship between self-regulated learning and academic achievement for a sample of community college students at King Saud University. Education Journal, (), .
C Mega, L Ronconi, R De Beni (2014). What makes a good student? How emotions, self-regulated learning, and motivation contribute to academic achievement.. Journal of educational …, (), .
SE Kassab, AI Al-Shafei, AH Salem (2015). Relationships between the quality of blended learning experience, self-regulated learning, and academic achievement of medical students: a path analysis. Advances in medical …, (), .
Y Eshel, R Kohavi (2003). Perceived classroom control, self-regulated learning strategies, and academic achievement. Educational psychology, (), .
B Cetin (2015). Academic motivation and self-regulated learning in predicting academic achievement in college.. Journal of International Education Research, (), .
R Cobb Jr (2003). The relationship between self-regulated learning behaviors and academic performance in web-based courses. NA, (), .
A Zuffianò, G Alessandri, M Gerbino (2013). Academic achievement: The unique contribution of self-efficacy beliefs in self-regulated learning beyond intelligence, personality traits, and self-esteem. Learning and individual …, (), .
GV Caprara, R Fida, M Vecchione (2008). Longitudinal analysis of the role of perceived self-efficacy for self-regulated learning in academic continuance and achievement.. … of educational …, (), .
PJ Gaskill, AW Hoy (2002). Self-efficacy and self-regulated learning: The dynamic duo in school performance. Improving academic achievement, (), .
CA Wolters, M Hussain (2015). Investigating grit and its relations with college students' self-regulated learning and academic achievement. Metacognition and Learning, (), .
M McCaslin, TH Daniel (2013). Self-regulated learning and academic achievement: A Vygotskian view. Self-regulated learning and academic …, (), .
SO Adodo (2013). Effect of mind-mapping as a self-regulated learning strategy on students' achievement in basic science and technology. Mediterranean Journal of Social Sciences, (), .
A Jaramillo, JP Salinas-Cerda, P Fuentes (2022). Self-Regulated Learning and Academic Performance in Chilean University Students in Virtual Mode During the Pandemic: Effect of the 4Planning App. Frontiers in Psychology, (), .
A Pardo, F Han, RA Ellis (2016). Combining university student self-regulated learning indicators and engagement with online learning events to predict academic performance. IEEE Transactions on Learning …, (), .
K Saki, M Nadari (2018). The relationship between self-regulated learning, academic self-concept and the academic achievement motivation of students in the second grade of high school. Middle East Journal of Family Medicine, (), .
J Li, H Ye, Y Tang, Z Zhou, X Hu (2018). … phases and strategies for Chinese students? A meta-analysis of two decades research of the association between self-regulation and academic performance. Frontiers in psychology, (), .
H Agustiani, S Cahyad, M Musa (2016). Self-efficacy and self-regulated learning as predictors of students academic performance. The Open Psychology Journal, (), .
EE Olakanmi, MT Gumbo (2017). The effects of self-regulated learning training on students' metacognition and achievement in chemistry. International …, (), .
FMG Camahalan (2006). Effects of self-regulated learning on mathematics achievement of selected Southeast Asian children.. Journal of Instructional Psychology, (), .
C Dignath, G Büttner (2008). Components of fostering self-regulated learning among students. A meta-analysis on intervention studies at primary and secondary school level. Metacognition and learning, (), .
MK Chung (2000). The development of self-regulated learning. Asia Pacific Education Review, (), .
A Valle, JC Núñez Perez, RG Cabanach (2008). Self-regulated profiles and academic achievement. NA, (), .
K Wilson, A Narayan (2016). Relationships among individual task self-efficacy, self-regulated learning strategy use and academic performance in a computer-supported collaborative learning …. Educational Psychology, (), .
BJ Zimmerman, DH Schunk (2011). Self-regulated learning and performance: An introduction and an overview. … of learning and performance, (), .
BM Ness, K Vroman (2014). … examination of the impact of traumatic brain injury and posttraumatic stress disorder on self-regulated learning and academic achievement among military service …. The Journal of head trauma rehabilitation, (), .
DH Schunk (2005). Self-regulated learning: The educational legacy of Paul R. Pintrich. Educational psychologist, (), .
A Alghamdi, AC Karpinski, A Lepp, J Barkley (2020). Online and face-to-face classroom multitasking and academic performance: Moderated mediation with self-efficacy for self-regulated learning and gender. Computers in Human …, (), .
S Valinasab, A Zeinali (2017). The mediational pathway among academic emotions, self-regulated learning, and academic motivation with academic achievement of high school students. International Journal of Educational and …, (), .
S Neuville, M Frenay (2007). Task value, self-efficacy and goal orientations: Impact on self-regulated learning, choice and performance among university students. Psychologica …, (), .
S Ahmad (2012). Relationship of academic SE to self-regulated learning, SI, test anxiety and academic achievement. International journal of education, (), .
Ö Sadi, M Uyar (2013). The relationship between self-efficacy, self-regulated learning strategies and achievement: A path model. NA, (), .
GR Daniel, C Wang, D Berthelsen (2016). Early school-based parent involvement, children's self-regulated learning and academic achievement: An Australian longitudinal study. Early Childhood Research Quarterly, (), .
I Burić, I Sorić (2012). The role of test hope and hopelessness in self-regulated learning: Relations between volitional strategies, cognitive appraisals and academic achievement. Learning and individual differences, (), .
P Rosário, JC Núñez, A Valle (2013). Grade level, study time, and grade retention and their effects on motivation, self-regulated learning strategies, and mathematics achievement: a structural equation …. European journal of …, (), .
E Panadero, A Jonsson, J Botella (2017). Effects of self-assessment on self-regulated learning and self-efficacy: Four meta-analyses. Educational research review, (), .
RS Jansen, A Van Leeuwen, J Janssen, S Jak (2019). Self-regulated learning partially mediates the effect of self-regulated learning interventions on achievement in higher education: A meta-analysis. Educational Research …, (), .
L Lavery (2008). Self-regulated learning for academic success: An evaluation of instructional techniques. NA, (), .
YS Hwang, K Vrongistinos (2002). Elementary In-Service Teachers' Self-Regulated Learning Strategies Related to Their Academic Achievements.. Journal of Instructional …, (), .
C Masui, E De Corte (2005). Learning to reflect and to attribute constructively as basic components of self‐regulated learning. British Journal of Educational Psychology, (), .
ECK Cheng (2011). The Role of Self-regulated Learning in Enhancing Learning Performance.. International Journal of Research & Review, (), .
YJ Joo, M Bong, HJ Choi (2000). Self-efficacy for self-regulated learning, academic self-efficacy, and internet self-efficacy in web-based instruction. Educational technology research and …, (), .
R Isaacson, F Fujita (2006). Metacognitive knowledge monitoring and self-regulated learning. … Scholarship of Teaching and Learning, (), .
L Zheng, X Li, F Chen (2018). Effects of a mobile self-regulated learning approach on students' learning achievements and self-regulated learning skills. Innovations in Education and Teaching …, (), .
FA Rowe, JA Rafferty (2013). Instructional design interventions for supporting self-regulated learning: enhancing academic outcomes in postsecondary e-learning environments. Journal of Online Learning and Teaching, (), .
GTL Brown, ER Peterson (2016). Student conceptions of feedback: Impact on self‐regulation, self‐efficacy, and academic achievement. … Journal of Educational …, (), .
L Dörrenbächer, F Perels (2016). … -regulated learning profiles in college students: Their relationship to achievement, personality, and the effectiveness of an intervention to foster self-regulated learning. Learning and Individual Differences, (), .
C Dignath, G Buettner, HP Langfeldt (2008). How can primary school students learn self-regulated learning strategies most effectively?: A meta-analysis on self-regulation training programmes. Educational Research Review, (), .
CS Chen (2002). Self-regulated learning strategies and regulated learning strategies and achievement in an introduction to information systems course. Information technology, learning, and performance …, (), .
R Pekrun, T Goetz, W Titz, RP Perry (2002). Academic emotions in students' self-regulated learning and achievement: A program of qualitative and quantitative research. Educational psychologist, (), .
PH Winne (2013). Self-regulated learning viewed from models of information processing. … -regulated learning and academic achievement, (), .
LM Ruban, DB McCoach (2003). The differential impact of academic self-regulatory methods on academic achievement among university students with and without learning disabilities. Journal of learning …, (), .
L Ma, L She (2024). Self-regulated learning and academic success in online college learning. The Asia-Pacific Education Researcher, (), .
TJ Cleary, A Kitsantas (2017). Motivation and self-regulated learning influences on middle school mathematics achievement. School Psychology Review, (), .
AR Artino (2007). Self-regulated learning in online education. Int. J. Instruct. Technol. Dist. Learn, (), .
LS Garavalia, ME Gredler (2002). An exploratory study of academic goal setting. achievement calibration and self-regulated learning. Journal of instructional psychology, (), .
JC Pérez-González, G Filella, A Soldevila (2022). Integrating self-regulated learning and individual differences in the prediction of university academic achievement across a three-year-long degree. … and Learning, (), .
HA Liao, AC Ferdenzi, M Edlin (2012). Motivation, self-regulated learning efficacy, and academic achievement among international and domestic students at an urban community college: A comparison.. Community College …, (), .
TT Goh, BC Seet, NS Chen (2012). The impact of persuasive SMS on students' self‐regulated learning. British Journal of Educational …, (), .
BJ Zimmerman (2011). Motivational sources and outcomes of self-regulated learning and performance: Graduate center of city university of new york. … of self-regulation of learning and performance, (), .
A El-Adl, H Alkharusi (2020). Relationships between self-regulated learning strategies, learning motivation and mathematics achievement.. Cypriot Journal of Educational Sciences, (), .
TC Yang, MC Chen, SY Chen (2018). The influences of self-regulated learning support and prior knowledge on improving learning performance. Computers & Education, (), .
HK Ning, K Downing (2012). Influence of student learning experience on academic performance: The mediator and moderator effects of self-regulation and motivation. British Educational Research Journal, (), .
BJ Zimmerman (2002). Becoming a self-regulated learner: An overview. Theory into practice, (), .
KR Lodewyk, PH Winne (2009). Implications of task structure on self‐regulated learning and achievement. Educational …, (), .
P Winne (2016). Self-regulated learning. SFU Educational Review, (), .
J Ferla, M Valcke, G Schuyten (2010). Judgments of self-perceived academic competence and their differential impact on students' achievement motivation, learning approach, and academic performance. European Journal of Psychology of …, (), .
J Roick, T Ringeisen (2018). Students' math performance in higher education: Examining the role of self-regulated learning and self-efficacy. Learning and individual differences, (), .
D DiFrancesca, JL Nietfeld, L Cao (2016). A comparison of high and low achieving students on self-regulated learning variables. Learning and Individual Differences, (), .
R Vollmeyer, F Rheinberg (2006). Motivational effects on self-regulated learning with different tasks. Educational Psychology Review, (), .
YL San, SB Roslan, F Sabouripour (2016). Relationship between self-regulated learning and academic procrastination. American Journal of Applied …, (), .
RT Lapan, CAM Kardash (2002). Empowering students to become self-regulated learners. Professional School …, (), .
M Puustinen, L Pulkkinen (2001). Models of self-regulated learning: A review. Scandinavian journal of educational …, (), .
P Nivenitha, K Nagalakshmi (2017). Self regulated learning on academic performance among adolescents. The International Journal of Indian …, (), .
L Bol, KDY Campbell, T Perez (2016). The effects of self-regulated learning training on community college students' metacognition and achievement in developmental math courses. … College Journal of …, (), .
M Dresel, M Haugwitz (2006). The relationship between cognitive abilities and self‐regulated learning: evidence for interactions with academic self‐concept and gender. High ability studies, (), .
H Seli (2019). Motivation and learning strategies for college success: A focus on self-regulated learning. NA, (), .
HK Ning, K Downing (2010). The reciprocal relationship between motivation and self-regulation: A longitudinal study on academic performance. Learning and Individual Differences, (), .
E Panadero (2017). A review of self-regulated learning: Six models and four directions for research. Frontiers in psychology, (), .
HS Pérez, CG Braojos, SR Fernández (2017). The relationship of gender, time orientation, and achieving self-regulated learning. Revista de Investigación …, (), .
SR Sletten (2017). Investigating flipped learning: Student self-regulated learning, perceptions, and achievement in an introductory biology course. Journal of Science Education and Technology, (), .
J Fraile, E Panadero, R Pardo (2017). Co-creating rubrics: The effects on self-regulated learning, self-efficacy and performance of establishing assessment criteria with students. Studies in Educational Evaluation, (), .
M Barzegar (2012). The Relationship between Goal Orientation and Academic Achievement--The Mediation Role of Self Regulated Learning Strategies--A Path Analysis.. Online Submission, (), .
S Cassidy (2011). Self-regulated learning in higher education: Identifying key component processes. Studies in Higher Education, (), .
HK Ning, K Downing (2015). A latent profile analysis of university students' self-regulated learning strategies. Studies in Higher Education, (), .
